Hi there! 

Wanted to make a file to kind of explain some things and point out some concerns or issues or things that could have been done better, given that I spent another 40 hours or so on it or less maybe. Obviously you can tell from my commits that I have put in over 100 hours on this unfortunately, got a little carried away, changed ideas a bunch of times, etc. However it was really fun, I was able to dive way deeper than I have in a long time, but I wish I had something better to show for that much time and effort spent in the project itself. I realized last night that i needed to just get it in , especially since I was able to hit all of the goals needed for the actual assignment lol. So this will just have to do for now. 

There are a lot of occurances in the project where I actually wanted to specifically use alot of assets from the actual Fetch website. You can see those throughout the code, certain buttons, i.e., originally the actual dog card itself was a full blown mimic of your "blog-posts" card, shape, size, dimensions, aspect ratio for pic, etc lol. I figured I would leave in alot of the original color aspects themselves from the Fetch website, since I was able to get the hex codes for them with a little eye dropper tool. But alot of color changes happened again at the end. 

# IMPORTANT!!!!
As for something very important I realized after pushing to Vercel, there is an issue when trying to launch the application via something like, duckduckgo browser through a link from discord for example, its a problem with the cors traffic. I was realizing it last night after kind of calling it just because I wanted to get the project in to you guys. But I think I know the fix for it, it would just take another couple days or maybe could figure it out really quickly to implement the fix, however I figured I would at least let you know what the plan was to fix that little issue. 

Basically would have to set up a proxy server to handle the cors traffic. So was going to setup a server.js file, have it handle the initial server bootup, run on port 3001, or default to whatever server the person is using, then be able to handle to api calls to the fetch endpoint and go from there. There is a workaround I was able to find to be able to use it on mobile, but that involved turning off a setting itself in Safari on my phone which was the "Prever Cross-Site Tracking" setting, in the privacy and security options. But obviously that's not something we can just have people do, however if you do want to view it on your phone, just disable that feature real quick in safari and you should be GTG. 

As far as the other api calls and connections , everything worked pretty smoothly, I think I will attach some additional screenshots from postman, since it was actually pretty nice using that. Works perfectly fine and login is handled without a problem on any computer browser, its just a cors security issue with mobile devices. But, theres a fix we could implement for that down the road as mentioned. So. Tomato, tomatoh.
-------

Now, I wanted to actually also highlight that I didn't want to use another framework really outside of React itself, just due to the fact that the instructions specifically specified that you guys use "React or Svelte" so, used just straight up react, with only some tailwindcss here and there, just because I know you use tailwind as well. Just wanted to keep it pretty close to home with the stack that you guys use as that is part of the job that I would have to do I am assuming. All in all, it was actually the most fun I have had in a long time and was able to spend over 100 hours just focusing on something like a mad man. Got in a little trouble with the family becuase of how bad it was for a bit lol. But I love it, nothing is more fun to me than just trying to make stuff work and code and put a puzzle together for 24 hours with no sleep. I know it doesn't sound great but hopefully that is a reflection of my work ethic rather than some points taken off for how long was spent on it haha.

I am sure there are some little issues around the app and little things here and there that I could consolidate or optimize, but hey I am still young and learning and growing and thats what this is all for. Only goal right now is to be able to take what I learned and grow from there. I especially want to be able to learn from your team and grow like crazy, so just thank you in advance, and thank you for giving me the opportunity! 

Site will be hosted on Vercel. All code should be visible and good to go. Really burnt out after this little sprint I did to make it as best as I could so the last couple things turned out like garbage aka the dog match card, I just got burnt out and wanted something turned in. So it could be done much better, alloted more time to style it how I envisioned it. And also for the next/prev/ buttons. OH one more thing, not sure if it was okay to do, but I utilized the assets you currently have for fetch in regards to the brands you guys use. Wanted to have a carousel at the bottom of the page you know, since thats the whole thing. I noticed how many of the doggo pics are actually meme pics lol, there is a specific one that had me rolling , it was of the doggo with the blacked out eyes. That was a good one. Oh as far as resolution goes, at the end, I decided I would have to do a mix of aspect ratio scaling, or object-fit cover, or you know, width 100% height auto, type scenarios. But ultimately this was the best move I could make with how different each picture was, while making it so that the actual match result page showed the full resolution image. 

Also don't judge the buttons at the bottom, they're garbage, I know lol.. Just was too tired and wanted to get the project in and stop. Like I said, I'm just eager to learn and get better. So this was alot of fun.

Also just all in all wanted to have fun and make it kind of humerous, so I hope you enjoy and like the meme ai website lol. 

Oh and as far as unit tests go, I tried, I really did, especially with how my whole app is js, and tyring to do typescript tests specifically for it was just a little complicated haha. I am just horrible with it and need to learn it more! Which is all good, so I am taking a crash course right now, I did learn alot from this but I need to learn alot more so I am actually eager and excited to do that with you guys if I get to do that. 

Alright, thanks alot,

Link Lee (Jack)